Pandadroid is the ultimate 3d engine for the most ultimate 3d needs of a panda. Like for 3d bamboo, hence the 3d library for it is Bamboo. The goal for this entire project is to make 3d app developement for the Android easy and fast. It is not trying to compete to be the most decked out engine (though maybe one day it will just be that naturally), instead it will allow a user to quickly assemble a controllable 3d app by using many prebuilt setups.

Bamboo is a 3d data management system that can be sent to a custom renderer to render data such as meshes, skinned meshes, lighting, camera, etc. It unfortunately is not eatable. So if you're a starving panda, you'll have to go to the store and buy canned bamboo. Bamboo itself is just concerned with data and data manipulation. It does not provide an actual way to render the scene, but it does provide functions to handle the rendering process (the order things are rendered, where items are, updating items, handling animations, etc). Pandadroid comes with an actual opengl es 1.0 renderer so if people want to make a renderer for a different platform or graphics api, they can follow the example there. Bamboo also comes with base classes for handling I/O that can be extended to different platforms.

Bamporter is a Bamboo file writer that can open COLLADA files (and maybe some more if it looks like there's a need) and then save the file components out to a Bamboo file. Bamporter will allow people to also add data that is not easily exported through COLLADA (such as animation clips) and it will allow for merging files. It is the tool to preparing data for being loaded into Bamboo.

For licensing, I haven't quite come up with something. Basically my idea is to make a system where all classes that extend base classes must be made public and added as a pluggin deal. This will hopefully make building an app the trivial part, and the app idea and content the important part.

License:
For the current pre-release version, you are free to use this provided that you share anything you modify from the original source and notify us of any bugs found.
For the release version, you will have to see the license for the standard releases when it becomes availible.
The current pre-release version is the version of Pandadroid up to the first formal statement made by the creators and contributors of creating a release version.